the stock market is in a constant state
of economic acceleration and hardship in
recovery these are cyclical events with
Central planning and state intervention
the intention is to create a more
predictable ever expanding Market sort
of like having one season in the weather
the issue is that Central planning
always fails distorts the markets and
favors one group over another you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you today we are going to look at
this one particular indicator and then I
want to connect that in with a few other
points let's begin with this Robert
Chiller most people know him by now the
Nobel prizewinning Economist Robert
Schiller believes investors should
continue to own stocks because the bull
market may continue for years this
article is from May
of
2017 all right and essentially what his
reasoning behind that was that it can
still go higher and higher look at what
happened in the year 2000 where the
valuations were all off yet it just
continued all right so that's
May
2017 fast forwarding to present time as
of this recording Robert Schiller urges
C question on the market we're at a high
level and it's
concerning so he's finally starting to
come around perhaps we'll see Market
valuations are unu are at unusual
highs and the only times that they've
been higher is
1929 and the year 2000 what we are
talking about here is the cape or the
cyclically adjusted price earnings ratio
so this is one of the more famous
indicators that are out there to
determine are stocks overvalued or
undervalued historically the number is
about
17 and right now we are at about let's
check it out in this
chart 30 so this number continues to get
higher and higher and higher and you can
see for yourself
that essentially the only time it's
really been higher is the tech boom and
bust and even in 1929 look we're
basically at the same point right now if
it continues on this trajectory it's not
going to take
long what we need to understand is that
yes it's only one indicator and we could
form permanently new
Highs but just take a look at this I
mean we're talking about over a 100
years of data and we can see that things
have really changed now surely with
enough money Printing and everything
else you can get these to be pumped up
but it doesn't last forever it really
doesn't the further you push it up the
harder it will fall back down that is a
fact it's the way it is the CBO the
Congressional budget office income taxes
are up 99.5% next year
but debt climbs more than $1
trillion the amount of debt that
is out there on every single level is
absolutely astonishing it's
record-breaking and there's no way no
way that it is sustainable it can't be
paid back and many people would argue
that who exactly are you paying back
well you don't understand
that
governments do
not do anything with the monetary system
or at least to some
degree we're looking at the central
banks and the central banks loan money
to the government at
interest So when you say that we owe it
to ourselves you don't understand these
are essentially private Banks loaning it
to the
government that's the way it works we
don't owe it to ourselves that's really
a false
claim let's move on right here one more
note one of the main reasons Congress is
getting so little done is because they
will have
218 days off in 2017 look at this right
here
practically the whole year they're on
vacation I'm sure everybody working a
nto5 job is hoping that their schedule
looks a lot like this I mean it's crazy
to say the least you
have those in Congress always have to
vote on these particular laws which are
thousands of pages in
length they have to read through it a
lot of times in a 24-hour period or less
they're not reading it and ultimately
they sign it anyway that's just the way
it is it's really just the way it is and
it is truly sad to see that because
these are the people that are making the
laws they have the power of the purse
they are able to decide what happens I
mean truly they have more power than
governments and it doesn't I should say
uh presidents or prime ministers but it
seems like the Congress or parliament
are taking sort of
a a
backseat to laws that are being made
these days and it is something that
really is terrible for Liberties there's
no doubt about that if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs up and if you found the video
informative I know you'll find my books
the money GPS and my latest release
global economic collapse even more
informative you can flip through these
books at Amazon they have a look inside
feature so you can actually flip through
the pages of the book to see if you'd
like them if you want to know what the
first book is about it's the four asset
classes and how to profit from them
whereas the new book takes on familiar
Concepts but then I get into the money
GPS strategy of tax incentives reducing
your debt becoming self-sufficient solar
panels all that good stuff so you can
check that out at theone gps.com or
Amazon take care